docs: add documentation about update policy annotation (#232)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/docker-compose.mdx

      service: backend
      port: 8080
```

### update (annotation, optional)

You can set the update policy of a service by setting the annotation `dev.okteto.com/update`. 

Depending on the kind of resource the acceptance values are different:

> - rolling: Will deploy a service with 0 downtime. Allowed on deployments and statefulsets.

Reviewer: what do we mean by 0 downtime? can we guarantee that?
```suggestion
- rolling: Will deploy a service with zero downtime. Only allowed for deployments and stateful sets.
```

Reviewer: what happens if I set this for something that's not a deployment or a stateful set?

Author: > what happens if I set this for something that's not a deployment or a stateful set?

It will work the same as it was working previously. This change is only for sfs and deployments

> - recreate: Will wait until the current pod is deleted to start creating the new one. Allowed on deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- recreate: Will wait until the current pod is deleted to start creating the new one. Only allowed on deployments.
```

> - on-delete: Will wait until the current pod is deleted to start creating the new one. Allowed on statefulset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- on-delete: Will wait until the current pod is deleted to start creating the new one. Only allowed on stateful sets.
```

```yaml
services:
  deployment:
    image: python:alpine

>     labels:

Reviewer 2: @jLopezbarb were there an environment variable to define this behavior too?

Also, I am wondering if this would be a better fit for the `x-okteto-update` notation

Reviewer: Agree with @pchico83 , this should follow the x-okteto since that's what've been using for others. I'd go with `x-okteto-update-policy`
